Update magic link auth document (#4137)
wso2/docs-is: en/includes/guides/authentication/passwordless-login/add-passwordless-login-with-magic-link.md

    ![Magic link email]({{base_path}}/assets/img/guides/passwordless/magic-link/magic-link-email.png){: width="400" style="border: 0.3px solid lightgrey;"}

> 5. Open the magic link in any browser of your choice. The magic link now supports cross-browser functionality, allowing you to sign in from a different browser than the one you used to initiate the login process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Open the magic link in any browser by clicking the **Sign In** button.

    !!! note
        Magic links support cross-browser functionality, allowing you to open the link and log in from any browser of your choice even if it is different from the one you used to initiate the login process.
```
